# CS102 ~ Group Meetings Log page ~

Below is a record of our project group meetings. This page will be submitted together with the rest of the repository, in partial fulfillment of the CS102 course requirements.

****
### Meeting ~ (2020.05.03, around an and half hour zoom teleconference)
****
**Present:** Muhammed Can Küçükaslan, Mustafa Yasir Altunhan, Giray Akyol, Mustafa Utku Aydoğdu, Melis Atun.
   _**Absent:**_  Deniz Hayri Özay.

**Discussion:** 
We reviewed discontinuance of the project due to complexity of android studio and AR SDKs, we faced with the huge difference between these technologies and what we ought to use and learn in the course.  
Utku mentioned some useful video lectures that helps to use Android Studio and showed sample apps he created -which are unfortunately (presumably) does not count in his effort because these apps are not parts of project, however, his experience will helps us in our project. (ps. to prof: I, Muhammed, personally want you to take my colleagues efforts into account while grading besides "actual work" in the project)-,  
Mustafa and Melis talked their work on the Android Studio. Muhammed had slept and has not yet completed much this week 13, but promised to do so this week (ps. from the future: and doing)!  
We decided we need to do two main things: 1) location-navigation which is assigned to Mustafa & Utku, and 2) AR which is assigned to Giray, Muhammed, and Melis. 

****
### Meeting ~ (2020.05.06, ~15 minutes of Teleconference and much longer time through texting)
****
**Present:** Muhammed Can Küçükaslan, Giray Akyol  
**Discussion:**  
Giray explained his concerns about the complexity of Google's ARCore and suggested to examine other AR frameworks. Both Muhammed and Giray are searching for AR framework and how to implement it in the our app.  
Our app was planned to generate "pokemon items" according to location/class but considering current situation (ps. for the future: Universities are closed and moved to online lectures due to Covid-19 precautions in 2020, in Turkey) we can't test or do this. Therefore, we agreed that an alternative test may be randomly generating items for now. 


****
### Meeting ~ (2020.05.07, group texting)
****
**Present:** All members  
**Discussion:**  
Disadvantages of our project were discussed. Utku and Mustafa promised to ~finish navigation code by the Monday, Rest of the members will focus on the AR and the implementation of the user interfaces. More specifically Giray and Muhammed will focus on ARCore...

****
### Meeting ~ (2020.05.09, 30 minutes)
****
**Present:** Muhammed Can Küçükaslan, Giray Akyol,  Deniz Hayri Özay, Melis Atun.
**Discussion: AR and User interface**  
Melis (said she) was examining the "wikitude", Deniz is examining the Unity, and Muhammed & Giray examined kudan & ARCore together. A discussion occured about the which framework (?) to implement in the app. Kudan and wikitude were abandoned(?) due to licence problems, and among  the Unity and ARCore the latter one seemed more preferable to us.  
Muhammed and Giray will continue work focusing ARCore implementation, Deniz and Melis will look for generating "item assets" and made some improvements in the design.    
Google-sign-in api requires "verified domain address", so, despite the Having a Play Console Developer account we couldn't get a key to use it in our project. However, we will look for alternative ways.  
  
Current Objective is: to have AR and location activities implemented seperately by the Monday even with the flaws. Then, constructing relation between these activities and other parts of app.

****
### Meeting ~ (2020.05.10, One and an half hour simultaneous debugging/coding)
****
**Present:**   Muhammed Can Küçükaslan, Mustafa Yasir Altunhan
**Discussion:**  
Implementation of MapsActivity and problems during executing MapsActivity. Current Execution problems are solved, though, the MapsActivity is still to be improved and, thus, can cause new problems.


****
### Meeting ~ (2020.05.12, arund an hour zoom teleconference)
****
**Present:**  Muhammed Can Küçükaslan, Mustafa Yasir Altunhan, Mustafa Utku Aydoğdu  
**Discussion:**  Implementation of MapsActivity class, its connections with helper classes (MyDate, MyClasses, Buildings) are discussed. User interface for adding new "MyClasses" planned. Also decided to use [App Specific Storage](https://developer.android.com/training/data-storage) for demo. Also MapActivities interaction with ARActivity is planned.


****
### Meeting ~ (date, duration)
****
**Present:**    
**Discussion:**  
****
****
